---
layout: post
author: Woodrum
title: "Loss"
date: 2025-08-13T08:08:00.000Z
---

*This one is a little bit more serious, so feel free to skip it*
    .

It really frustrates me that men have no real route to express or cope with their emotions. A few weeks back, my dog died. I’ve had him since I was 5, and he’s been there for me ever since. I know it’s such a cliché but he really was like my best friend. As he got older, he started having more and more health problems, starting with his heart, then his back legs, then his front legs, and so on. He was a pug, so, it’s pretty common for that breed of animal. Towards the end of his life, he couldn’t go up stairs, had trouble walking around, and had to take heart medication twice a day. Eventually his legs gave out, and we had to take him to the vet. It was me, my mom, and my little sister. The vet told us he had diabetes, spinal deterioration, arthritis, an enlarged heart, possible bone cancer, among other things. He gave us the option to either put him on diabetes medication, and said he’d give him six more months of life, or to put him down. I had to make the decision. I had to choose to kill the dog I spent my whole life with, the dog who was there for me honestly when no human was. The dog who spent his life trying his hardest to make me and my sister happy and keep us safe. The dog who kept me sane during the pandemic and the dog who let me know it was okay. I chose to end his life. I don’t know if I did the right thing, and I honestly don’t know what he would have wanted, but I miss him. I’ve experienced loss in the past, the loss of those close to me, family, friends, but I’ve always just been able to disassociate myself from the situation. For this I can’t. I wake up every day and he’s just not there and it hurts. To know that, even just for a little while longer, he could have been here with me, and I could have helped him every step of the way, hurts me so much. I needed him more than he could ever know. It makes me feel so isolated and alone. I’ve never felt more alone, more lifeless, than I have these last two weeks. I get it — this is probably weird or an overreaction, but I don’t know how to live with him. I can’t move on, I can’t move forward. I’m just stuck in this endless struggle to try to be happy and push on, and sometimes I do feel happy, but at the end of the day I always end up empty. It feels like nothing matters without him. The worst part is I have nowhere or no one to air my pain to, because honestly that used to be my dog I aired my pain to (as weird as that may be). I have my friends, and I have my girlfriend, but I just feel like a burden if I keep talking about it. There’s something about being a man that just makes people look down on you anytime you express vulnerabilities that forces you to keep everything to yourself. I hate it. 
