---
layout: post
author: Woodrum
title: "Fear and the constant human need for normality."
date: 2025-12-29T09:19:00.000Z
tags: [Personal]
---

As I have aged further and further throughout my life, I’ve taken a much more wide, or rather farsighted view into the future. Honestly, this take on the world has enlightened me in a way — I’ve been able to make a vague plan for my life far into the future. I’ve learned I want to move to Sweden! I found true love! I even talked myself back into working out! Through looking at where I want to be, and just filling in the steps in between, I’ve done a lot with my life. But no, I’m not just going to brag about how I have everything sorted out — honestly, I have a lot less than I thought. I want to travel a lot (hence wanting to move to Sweden!) and it is a life goal of mine to see the world, or most of it at least. To start my journey, I decided to go from my small hamlet in rural Kentucky all the way up north to Chicago; roughly a 7 hour drive up. As you probably could tell, I chose to drive. I’ve never driven this long, I think my longest drive was to Cincinnati and that was only a third of this drive. I’m also doing this one alone! I’m sure most people I would tell about this would laugh at me, and yeah, 7 hours isn’t that much in the grand scheme of things, but to me, a 19 year old who isn’t that used to driving long distances, it’s scary. Not only that, this is my first trip. I love travel, but I’ve never went without my family, and while I pretend to hate going with them, it’s painful to go without them. This is the furthest I’ll have been away from them. It scares me too, because I put a lot of weight on myself that this is a ‘first of many’ type trip. Where if this goes well, I’ll do a whole bunch. It scares me, it’s out of my comfort zone and I have this constant anxiety telling me I’m not ready. I know I’m not — but I know if I don’t go then I’ll never be ready. This pressure is what I view as the ‘need for normality.’  My body craves for me to live a normal, mundane life, and for a lot of my life I’ve listened. I’m an introvert because I’m terrified to speak to people. What if I left a bad impression? Was what I said funny? Are they going to tell their friends about me? It gets so bad to where I have to figure out if they have ulterior motives for talking to me, all within the span of a single conversation. My body craves normality, it’s an addiction. I cannot let myself deviate from the median, and in such actions I make myself completely and utterly forgettable. I liked it, honestly. Being an NPC-like character in a world full of what to me felt like other, more exaggerated NPCs in their own right. Im going off track here, but I hope I got my point across — the need for normality is something that has ridden my soul for years, and it’s something I’ve always been embracive of ever since I can remember. This trip, to me, is me deviating from the median. It is me doing an attempt, and while maybe just a small one, it is me trying to purge this need from my soul and allow me to live my life that I have ever so little time to live. It is me trying to take my life back. It is me trying to live my life free of the force holding me down. And yeah, it’s insignificant. When I get back, I’ll probably go back to my normal life. But it won’t be completely normal. I’ll be back out again, exploring a new part of the world soon enough. And eventually, bit by bit, my fears, my second thoughts, and my need for normality will stop holding me down. 
